New Resource: `azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2` (#17772)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2.html.markdown

    custom_properties = {
      key  = "value"
      key2 = "value2"
    }
  }

  tags = {
    key  = "value"
    key2 = "value2"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Monitor Scheduled Query Rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `criteria` - (Required) A `criteria` block as defined below.

* `evaluation_frequency` - (Required) How often the scheduled query rule is evaluated, represented in ISO 8601 duration format. 

* `scopes` - (Required) Specifies the list of resource ids that this scheduled query rule is scoped to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `severity` - (Required) Severity of the alert. Should be an integer between 0 and 4. Value of 0 is severest. 

> * `window_size` - (Required) Specifies the period of time in ISO 8601 duration format on which the Scheduled Query Rule will be executed (bin size).

Reviewer: size is vauge
```suggestion
* `window_duration` - (Required) Specifies the period of time in ISO 8601 duration format on which the Scheduled Query Rule will be executed (bin size).
```

* `action` - (Optional) An `action` block as defined below.

> * `auto_mitigation_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag that indicates whether the alert should be automatically resolved or not. Value should be true or false. The default is false.

Reviewer: all true false values should be quotes
```suggestion
* `auto_mitigation_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag that indicates whether the alert should be automatically resolved or not. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `false`.
```

> * `check_workspace_alerts_storage_configured` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule should be stored in the customer's storage. Value should be true or false. The default is false. 

Reviewer: the property name indicates it checks something but the description states it does something?
```suggestion
* `check_if workspace_alerts_storage_is_configured` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule check if storage is configured. Value should be true or false. The default is false. 
```
or
```suggestion
* `workspace_alerts_storage_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule check if storage is configured. Value should be true or false. The default is false. 
```

Author: I think `workspace_alerts_storage_enabled` is better : )

* `description` - (Optional) Specifies the description of the scheduled query rule.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Specifies the display name of the alert rule.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule is enabled. Value should be true or false. The default is true.

> * `mute_actions_duration` - (Optional) Mute actions for the chosen period of time in ISO 8601 duration format after the alert is fired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mute_actions_after_alert_duration` - (Optional) Mute actions for the chosen period of time in ISO 8601 duration format after the alert is fired. 
```

-> **NOTE** `auto_mitigation_enabled` and `mute_actions_duration` are mutually exclusive and cannot both be set.

> * `override_query_time_range` - (Optional) If specified then overrides the query time range, default is `window_size`*`number_of_evaluation_periods`.

Reviewer: starting with override implies a bool
```suggestion
* `query_time_range_override` - (Optional) If specified then overrides the query time range, default is `window_size`*`number_of_evaluation_periods`.
```

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

* `target_resource_types` - (Optional) List of resource type of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. For example if the scope is a resource group and targetResourceTypes is `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines`, then a different alert will be fired for each virtual machine in the resource group which meet the alert criteria. 

---

An `action` block supports the following:

* `action_groups` - (Optional) List of Action Group resource ids to invoke when the alert fires.

* `custom_properties` - (Optional) Specifies the properties of an alert payload.

---

A `criteria` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) Specifies the criteria operator. Possible values are `Equals`, `GreaterThan`, `GreaterThanOrEqual`, `LessThan`,and `LessThanOrEqual`. 

* `query` - (Required) The query to run on logs. The results returned by this query are used to populate the alert. 

* `threshold` - (Required) Specifies the criteria threshold value that activates the alert.

> * `time_aggregation` - (Required) The type of aggregation to apply to the data points in aggregation granularity. Possible values are `Average`, `Count`, `Maximum`, `Minimum`,and `Total`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `time_aggregation_methold` - (Required) The type of aggregation to apply to the data points in aggregation granularity. Possible values are `Average`, `Count`, `Maximum`, `Minimum`,and `Total`.
```

Author: it should be `time_aggregation_method`

* `dimension` - (Optional) A `dimension` block as defined below.

* `failing_periods` - (Optional) A `failing_periods` block as defined below.

* `metric_measure_column` - (Optional) Specifies the column containing the metric measure number.

* `resource_id_column` - (Optional) Specifies the column containing the resource id. The content of the column must be an uri formatted as resource id. 

---

A `dimension` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the dimension.

* `operator` - (Required) Operator for dimension values. Possible values are `Exclude`,and `Include`.

* `values` - (Required) List of dimension values. Use a wildcard `*` to collect all.

---

A `failing_periods` block supports the following:

> * `min_failing_periods_to_alert` - (Required) Specifies the number of violations to trigger an alert. Should be smaller or equal to `number_of_evaluation_periods`. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `minimum_failing_periods_to_trigger_alert` - (Required) Specifies the number of violations to trigger an alert. Should be smaller or equal to `number_of_evaluation_periods`. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6.
```

* `number_of_evaluation_periods` - (Required) Specifies the number of aggregated look-back points. The look-back time window is calculated based on the aggregation granularity `window_size` and the selected number of aggregated points. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6. 

## Attributes Reference

The following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The id of the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

* `created_with_api_version` - The api-version used when creating this alert rule.

> * `is_legacy_log_analytics_rule` - True if this alert rule is a legacy Log Analytic Rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `is_a_legacy_log_analytics_rule` - True if this alert rule is a legacy Log Analytic Rule.
```
